AdBlock VPN FaQ

 
q: How is the app monetized? By selling my data?
a: There is PRO subscription available If you don't want to spend money - try our Fulldive Browser - fast and secure!

q: How about my privacy? Do you use my data?
a: We won’t receive any data from AdBlock VPN you use. It’s all kept locally on your device.
Logs are used to detect what kind of ads were blocked. You can easily clean logs by pressing the Clean button at the menu.

q: Why is it called VPN? Can I use another VPN app?
a: AdBlock VPN uses VPN service to detect connections from other apps, compare it to the forwarding lists and redirect suspicious requests to alter DNS.
If this alter DNS is Fulldive DNS, suspicious requests will be blocked.
This is how it works. Unfortunately, you can not use another VPN app together with AdBlock VPN. 

q: Is AdBlock VPN a real VPN? Seems it just uses DNS crypt.
a: No, it isn’t. For a real VPN try our Full Tor VPN. AdBlock VPN blocks ads only.
We are working on combining these two apps.

q: Why do I still see some ads?
a: Ads are divided into two types: Allowed (like in youtube) and not allowed. Allowed - not placed in most of the blocklists. 
We are working on the efficacy of handling suspicious requests. Anyway, you can play with forwarding lists to achieve greater blocking efficiancy.

q: Why is my network connection so slow while using AdBlock VPN?
a: AdShield should check all connections you make. It takes some time.
The more ads we can block, the more time it can take. We are trying to find compromise.

q: Where are forwarding lists and exception apps disappearing?
a: We temporarily disable it because of google policy. Instead you can setup our DNS with same way.
Go to Advanced -> DNS settings. You'll hit to forwarding list web page. Setup forwarding lists you wish and tap "Submit" button at the bottom of page.
For apps settings or custom blocking settings just tap on search bar at the top of the screen.
Here will be some suggestions you can click and navigate to relevant page.

q: Can I use AdBlock VPN at Chromebook/android auto/android tv?
a: You can try, but we do not guarantee it works properly.

q: You copied a Blocada app to sell out my data. Is that true?
a: AdBlock VPN is a fork of Blocada app, since it's an open source project.
But after all, we will develop AdBlock VPN in our own secure and protected way.

q: Looks like a lot of things that I don’t want (Firebase and AWS) are passed through. What is it and why is it not blocked?
a: Firebase is a Google cloud service, it is used by most of android apps by default.
AWS is an Amazon cloud service. We do not block it because it can break some of your apps and websites.

q: When i launch AdBlock VPN i lose all network connections, what should i do?
a: More likely you have enabled private DNS at device settings (Settings - Network - Private DNS).
You should switch it off and set up your DNS inside AdBlock VPN at the network's settings.

q: Ads not blocking anymore, what should i do?
a: There is few reasons for that:
   1. Specific site has changed his ads provider or ads provider has updated his ads protection.
Just try another forwarding lists or wait a bit (day or two) - forwarding lists will be updated automatically.
   2. Android system kills AdBlock VPN. Need to exclude AdBlock VPN from battery/data saving.
Go to Settings - This device. Try to enable Always on VPN at VPN profile,
exclude from battery optimisation at battery settings and exclude from data usage at data usage setings. Some of them or combination can help.
   3. Conflict with another VPN application. It can interfere with work even if not lauched!
Try to remove another VPN apps from device and see the difference.
Also, you can check ads blocking at https://adblock-tester.com/ and https://d3ward.github.io/toolz/adblock.html.
If score on this sites less then 50 - you definitely should try 2 and 3 points, otherwise 1 point.

q: This is a great app! How can I support you?
a: Thanks! We will appreciate if you try another apps developed by the FullDive team! 
